},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)","refinedBy":},"group":"Word"}
,"group":"Stanza"}
,"group":"Line"}
{"selector":,"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"},"group":"Line"}